[docs] Add instructions for static config and EAS builds (#22709)
expo/expo: docs/pages/guides/environment-variables.mdx

## Using the `extra` field

> In the app config, there is an `extra` property. If your variables are non-sensitive and can be checked into source code, you can just add them to the app.json `extra` property for local builds.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
In the app config, there is an `extra` property. If your variables are non-sensitive and can be checked into the source code, you can add them to the `extra` property in **app.json**. This property is available when you build your project with EAS Build and publish the project with EAS Update.
```

The context of "where" the property is available is important to keep you here. Other changes suggested is as per our writing styleguide.

Author: Is this correct?  In my experience EAS builds need env vars in EAS.json, not app.json.

> For EAS builds, also add your environment variables to build.production.env in eas.json.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
```

I'd remove this for now. The page provides the link in the guide above on using env vars in the **eas.json** file. Repeating the info without the complete context (not everyone coming to his page will be familiar with EAS) might lead to confusion.
